Create Tips-And-Tricks.md (#29244)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/expensify-classic/getting-started/Tips-And-Tricks.md

---
title: Tips and Tricks
description: How to get started with setup tips for your Expensify account
---

# Overview
In this article, we'll outline helpful tips for using Expensify, such as keyboard shortcuts and text formatting.

# How to Format Text in Expensify

> You can use basic markdown in report comments to emphasize or clarify your sentiments. This includes italicizing, bolding, and strikethrough for text, as well as adding basic hyperlinks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a basic markdown in report comments to emphasize or clarify your sentiments. This includes italicizing, bolding, and strikethrough for text, as well as adding basic hyperlinks.
```

# How to Use Keyboard Shortcuts
Keyboard shortcuts can speed things up and simplify tasks. Expensify offers several shortcuts for your convenience. Let's explore them!
- **Shift + ?** - Opens the keyboard shortcuts dialog
- **Shift + G** - Prompts you for a reportID to open the report page for a specific report
- **ESC** - Closes any shortcut dialog window
- **Ctrl+Enter** - Submit a comment on a report from the comment field in the Report History & Comments section.
- **Shift + P** - Takes you to the report’s policy when you’re on a report
- **Shift + →** - Go to the next report
- **Shift + ←** - Go to the previous report
- **Shift + R** - Reloads the current page
  
# How to Create a Copy of a Report
If you have identical monthly expenses and want to copy them easily, visit your Reports page, check the box next to the report you would like to duplicate, and click "Copy" to duplicate all expenses (excluding receipt images).
If you prefer, you can create a standard template for certain expenses:
1. Go to the Reports page.
2. Click "New Report."
3. Assign an easily searchable name to the report.
4. Click the green '+' button to add an expense.

> 5. Choose "New Expense".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Choose "New Expense."
```

6. Select the type of expense (e.g., regular expense, distance, time, etc.).
7. Enter the expense details, code, and any relevant description.
8. Click "Save."
**Pro Tip:** If you use Scheduled Submit, place the template report under your individual workspace to avoid accidental submission. When you're ready to use it, check the report box, copy it, and make necessary changes to the name and workspace.

# How to Enable Location Access on Web

> If you’d like to use features that rely on your current location you will need to enable location permissions for Expensify. You can find instructions for how to enable location settings on the three most common web browsers below. If your browser is not in the list then please do a web search for your browser and “enable location settings”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’d like to use features that rely on your current location, you will need to enable location permissions for Expensify. You can find instructions for enabling location settings on the three most common web browsers below. If your browser is not on the list, then please do a web search for your browser and “enable location settings”.
```

## Chrome
1. Open Chrome
2. At the top right, click the three-dot Menu > Settings
3. Click “Privacy and Security” and then “Site Settings”

> 4. Click Location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click "Location"
```

> 5. Check the “Not allowed to see your location” list to make sure expensify.com and new.expensify.com are not listed. If they are, click the delete icon next to them to allow location access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Check the “Not allowed to see your location” list to ensure expensify.com and new.expensify.com are not listed. If they are, click the delete icon next to them to allow location access
```

## Firefox
1. Open Firefox
2. In the URL bar enter “about:preferences”

> 3. On the left hand side select “Privacy & Security”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the left-hand side select “Privacy & Security”
```

4. Scroll down to Permissions
5. Click on Settings next to Location
6. If location access is blocked for expensify.com or new.expensify.com, you can update it here to allow access

## Safari

> 1. In the top menu bar click Safari

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the top menu bar, click Safari
```

2. Then select Settings > Websites

> 3. Click Location on the left hand side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click Location on the left-hand side
```

4. If expensify.com or new.expensify.com have “Deny” set as their access, update it to “Ask” or “Allow”

# Which browser works best with Expensify?
We recommend using Google Chrome, but you can use Expensify on most major browsers, such as:
- [Google Chrome](www.google.com/chrome/)
- [Mozilla Firefox](www.mozilla.com/firefox)
- [Microsoft Edge](www.microsoft.com/edge)
- [Microsoft Internet Explorer](www.microsoft.com/ie). Please note: Microsoft has discontinued support and security updates for all versions below Version 11. This means those older versions may not work well. Due to the lack of security updates for the older versions, parts of our site may not be accessible. Please update your IE version or choose a different browser.
- [Apple Safari (Apple devices only)](www.apple.com/safari)
- [Opera](www.opera.com)

> It's always best practice to make sure you have the most recent updates for your browser and keep your operating system up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's always best practice to ensure you have the most recent updates for your browser and keep your operating system up to date.
```
